doc: PGRST107 error should map to 406 not to 415 (#4959)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/errors.rst

|               |             | :ref:`switching schemas <multiple-schemas>` is not present  |
| PGRST106      |             | in the :ref:`db-schemas` configuration variable.            |
+---------------+-------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

> | .. _pgrst107: | 406         | The ``Content-Type`` sent in the request is invalid.        |

Reviewer: This part is wrong too:
```suggestion
| .. _pgrst107: | 406         | The ``Accept`` media type sent in the request is invalid.        |
```

Author: Done
